add styling to get step metadata (#4476)
concourse/concourse: release-notes/v5.6.1.md

> #### <sub><sup><a name="v561-4421" href="#v561-note-git-resource-273">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature

Reviewer: to avoid the scenario where clicking one release note scrolls you to another
```suggestion
#### <sub><sup><a name="v561-4421" href="#v561-4421">:link:</a></sup></sub> feature
```

> * We've restyled the resource metadata displayed in a getstep. It should be easier to read and follow, let us know your critiques.

Reviewer: links to issue and PR
```suggestion
* We've restyled the resource metadata displayed in a get step on the build page. It should be easier to read and follow. Let us know your critiques on the issue #4421 #4476.
```
